Ruff formatting and configuration (#44)
pymasterspl/reddit: README.md

Open web browser and navigate to localhost address:  http://127.0.0.1:8000/ 

### Ruff formatting and linting

This is how we use linter:
```bash
ruff check                  # Lint all files in the current directory.
ruff check --fix            # Lint all files in the current directory, and fix any fixable errors.
ruff check --watch          # Lint all files in the current directory, and re-lint on change.
ruff check path/to/code/    # Lint all files in `path/to/code` (and any subdirectories).
```

This is how to use formatter:
```bash
ruff format                   # Format all files in the current directory.
ruff format path/to/code/     # Format all files in `path/to/code` (and any subdirectories).
ruff format path/to/file.py   # Format a single file.

> ruff format --check           # Reports if there are differences between current and in future formatted files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ruff format --check           # Checks if formatting is proper and reports violations. Does not change files.
```
